I'm one of my buddies in high school
that I used to play with he had a black
glove he long laces and he'd like wiggle
it around so I might put some tape
around there go predator on him yeah I
used the glove from when I was ten years
old up until actually my first day of
pro ball I don't know when it like broke
in half when Wilson and Arizona State
first started working together it was
about seven or eight years ago and in
our sponsorship agreement with ASU we
need to make sure they were everything
of our uniforms use their bats used our
gloves but there was one guy in the team
it was a holdout there was a scrappy
shortstop
on they did not want to use our glove
and he said it's nothing personal you
guys make nice stuff but my glove is my
glove and I'm not gonna break it a
Newton low because you guys want me to
I'm real comfortable with it he had his
own model glove that he used since he
was a kid he called it the witch but it
was just so old and I mean even the
logos on it were out but that was that
was his model I was the rebel and I only
like to use one glove pretty much ever
so I felt most comfortable and felt like
it would help me perform the best if I
was at that comfort level with the glove
as a former Rookie of the Year a World
Series MVP a league MVP
Dustin Pedroia can use any glove he
wants we've never met another player as
passionate as Dustin was about not
changing for him it was a very very
personal thing his love and that's what
we preach and that's what we're that's
part of our mantra as well he believes
the same things we believe and so we
said also saw our master technician dive
see them and they work directly with
Dustin to make the glove that we have
today we these are the he's at home in
Arizona go postal myself he measured my
hand took a picture of my glove and he
said give me a couple weeks and I'm
thinking this guy's crazy
I'm like a couple weeks dude I've used
that glove for 15 years
you know Dustin Pedroia it's like 90
percent night and science
it'll be beer that's all we designed for
him exactly to fit his more hand also he
studied the way Dustin broke in his
glove he studied the way he liked it
modified so
two weeks I got this love back and I put
it on started playing catch and it felt
like the same glove that I have when I
was growing up and I used for so long
great thing about an 80 mm is it takes
your shape if you want it Bowl
if you want it flare you can have a
customized to your style of play and
Dustin likes his flare down so his comes
on with that flared shape on impact it
comes these long floppy laces so if you
want to click them um you can if you
don't like that you can always trim them
there's no problem in doing that either
another thing that Dustin like to do is
put this rolled welding along the back
Dustin's not a big fighter so his hand
opening is a little bit tighter
it also has limited heel padding because
Dustin is guy that loves a lot of feel
we took half of the pad out right here
in the heel the glove that I had that I
love when I was growing up it had no pad
in there when it hits I feel it in my
hand and that's how he was on the glove
and it's perfect it's the ideal
infielders glove
you